hi I'm Mike from the Fender Custom Shop
want to talk to you a little bit about
these really cool guitars that are done
at the Music Zoo we partnered with the
music Zoo and come up with a really kind
of unique kind of a relic thing that
we're doing with them and it's it's
called the ultimate relics and these
guitars are just their master built and
they're just really really great playing
guitars really great sound of guitars
there's not a whole lot of finish left
on them they're pretty you can see that
they're pretty just beat up and you know
that's one thing that you know I think
any of us at the Custom Shop and most
players are you know anytime you see a
really beat-up strat it's always
something romantic it's it's kind of
cool so the music zoo decided to do a
run of these guitars they keep switching
them around using different pickups and
things like that this is a black one
that's just it's just such a great
playing guitar has a nice big C shaped
neck on it
60 105 fret wire it looks like and and a
really great sounding guitar too
one of the things that's cool about this
wiring that they have on here is that in
the back pick up on a Fender
Stratocaster
that pickup is angled back there to the
to the treble side and it's it's made
for one thing that's for taking your
head off so
the thing about that back pickup that
you want to be able to do those be able
to roll off some of that high-end you
know is we've taking this tone control
it normally works for the the middle
position and we've attached it also to
the back pickup so you can kind of roll
off some of that very very high top in
if you want so it's really kind of a
neat little feature on there it's nice
makes it could talk a little bit more
workable in a bad situation there great
guitars they're called the ultimate
relics there's strats Telly's they're
masterbuilt they just they're there
they're really cool because there's not
a whole lot of finish left on the guitar
you know and the guitar just resonates a
little differently less finish it has on
there and they're just really great
guitars and we're grateful for that the
music Zeus I'm doing this with us and
and you should come down and check them
out because they sound good in the play
good